
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   108405000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  108405000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  14191                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31141                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10215908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 893232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      150583                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        330452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           37504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              57216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        37504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         37504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks             3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          345961902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          181836631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             527798533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     345961902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        345961902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1771136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1771136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1771136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         345961902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         181836631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            529569669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         894                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        191                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       894                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      191                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  53376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    7488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   57216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                12224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    45                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     108341500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   894                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  191                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    261.165919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   170.411202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   263.758018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           78     34.98%     34.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           64     28.70%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           28     12.56%     76.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           18      8.07%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      3.14%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      2.69%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      3.59%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      2.24%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      4.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean            116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.143694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    199.905811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              3     42.86%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             2     28.57%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.714286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.691535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.951190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                4     57.14%     57.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1     14.29%     71.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2     28.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     13482750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                29120250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16166.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34916.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       492.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        69.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    527.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    112.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      94                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                64.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      99853.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  1078140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   554070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3741360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 396720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         8604960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              8068920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               361440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        23197860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        10992000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          3569580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               60565050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            558.692403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime             89550000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       583000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       3652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     10271750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     28626000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      14403750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     50868500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   592620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   292215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 2213400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 214020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         7990320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy              7369530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy               458400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        37246650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         3597600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               59974755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            553.247129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime             91026500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       820250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      9367500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      13140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     81696750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.branchPred.lookups                           0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.branchPred.condPredicted                     0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.branchPred.condIncorrect                     0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.branchPred.BTBLookups                        0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.branchPred.BTBHits                           0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.branchPred.BTBCorrect                        0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.branchPred.BTBHitPct                       nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.branchPred.usedRAS                           0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.branchPred.RASInCorrect                      0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.branchPred.indirectLookups                   0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.branchPred.indirectHits                      0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.branchPred.indirectMisses                    0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.branchPredindirectMispredicted               0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   72925                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted             72925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              5606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                65111                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    4267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           65111                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              32357                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            32754                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3188                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       39502                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       37026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       31667                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    66                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           216811                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              49914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                         285794                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                       72925                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              36624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        131080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   11390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           931                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     31507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  1553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             187739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.280629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.591869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    88779     47.29%     47.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     9099      4.85%     52.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     4822      2.57%     54.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     3446      1.84%     56.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     8707      4.64%     61.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     6044      3.22%     64.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     4698      2.50%     66.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                     3567      1.90%     68.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                    58577     31.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               187739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.336353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.318171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    44584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 54058                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     71867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 11535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   5695                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                 576470                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   5695                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    51412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                   22096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                     75651                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                 30542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                 548713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                   4065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  23158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands              633139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               1377747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups           783195                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             41937                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                378163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   254976                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                106                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                     50044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                48346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               43128                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              1286                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores             3824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                     496568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 302                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                    437321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              2489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          166417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       256183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            235                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        187739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.329409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.513598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               73982     39.41%     39.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               21653     11.53%     50.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               16932      9.02%     59.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               14548      7.75%     67.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               16045      8.55%     76.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               14002      7.46%     83.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               15270      8.13%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               10106      5.38%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                5201      2.77%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          187739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    6463     87.23%     87.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     87.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     87.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    79      1.07%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    404      5.45%     93.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   281      3.79%     97.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                31      0.42%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              151      2.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              6934      1.59%      1.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                340405     77.84%     79.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    5      0.00%     79.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    47      0.01%     79.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                9739      2.23%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                39218      8.97%     90.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               23325      5.33%     95.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            2341      0.54%     96.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          15307      3.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                 437321                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.017061                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        7409                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.016942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            1014735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            627120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       389695                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               57544                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              36193                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        27821                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 409007                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   28789                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             2411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10537                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           55                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   5695                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                   20116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   800                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts              496870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 48346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                43128                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                168                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     12                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   776                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           1829                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5468                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 7297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                423030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 39307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             14291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                        76275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    44711                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      36968                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.951146                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                         419952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                        417516                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    296115                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                    484732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.925714                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.610884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          166426                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              67                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              5673                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       162850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.029180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.526596                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        67477     41.44%     41.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        21757     13.36%     54.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        22649     13.91%     68.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        19050     11.70%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7919      4.86%     85.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3115      1.91%     87.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3125      1.92%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1818      1.12%     90.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15940      9.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       162850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               150583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                 330452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                          61609                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         29018                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      38596                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      24989                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    319390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 2115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4404      1.33%      1.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           256601     77.65%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               28      0.01%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           7805      2.36%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           27625      8.36%     89.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          17847      5.40%     95.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1393      0.42%     95.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        14744      4.46%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total            330452                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 15940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                       643788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     1018915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           29072                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                      150583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                        330452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.439811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.439811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.694536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.694536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                   569277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  324345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     35792                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    10472                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    233298                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   145078                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  165397                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           238.855948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               68645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            222.873377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            151000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   238.855948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.233258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.233258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            138664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           138664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        36189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           36189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        32456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          32456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         68645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            68645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        68645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           68645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     23445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23445500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     33161500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     33161500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     33161500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     33161500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        36573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        32605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        69178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        69178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        69178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        69178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61055.989583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61055.989583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65208.053691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65208.053691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62216.697936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62216.697936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62216.697936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62216.697936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70931.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70931.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64020.270270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64020.270270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67610.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67610.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67610.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67610.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               189                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           328.697994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               30750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             52.474403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   328.697994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.641988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.641988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             63600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            63600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        30750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           30750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         30750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            30750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        30750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           30750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44572499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44572499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44572499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44572499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44572499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44572499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        31507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        31507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        31507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        31507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        31507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.024026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.024026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.024026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58880.447820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58880.447820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58880.447820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58880.447820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58880.447820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58880.447820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61654.436860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61654.436860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61654.436860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61654.436860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61654.436860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61654.436860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1086                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          197                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    108405000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total         1361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total          619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total        49600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        19904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total        19904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   69504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.006711                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.081694                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     888     99.33%     99.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       6      0.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3093750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            1652750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
