
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000243                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   242520000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  242520000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                      2                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                        5                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                   3594                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1830120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 67472.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      150583                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        330452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           58688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data           19008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              77696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks             3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst          241992413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           78377041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             320369454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     241992413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        241992413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          791687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               791687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          791687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst         241992413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          78377041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            321161141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        1214                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        508                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      1214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      508                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  55872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   21824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   10624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   77696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                32512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    341                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   319                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                     242456500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  1214                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  508                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    248.310078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.018539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   260.360534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           99     38.37%     38.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           75     29.07%     67.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           25      9.69%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           18      6.98%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      5.04%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      2.71%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      2.33%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.78%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      5.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      86.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     47.359245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    139.721310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-31             4     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-47             2     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-63             2     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-111            1     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::464-479            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.570343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.074968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                7     70.00%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1     10.00%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1     10.00%     90.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1     10.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     16872000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                33240750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19326.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38076.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       230.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        43.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    320.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    134.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     121                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                64.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     140799.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  1092420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   557865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3755640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         8604960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             12030420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy               348480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy        20648250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         9459360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         35980080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               92994255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            383.449839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            215093750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       565000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       3652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    145315250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     24633250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      23072500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     45282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   821100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   421245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 2477580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         19668480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             10371150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy               884640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy        62224620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        28590240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          2679180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              128487975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            529.803624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            217445500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1432250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       8338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      6561500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     74455750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      15266500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    136466000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.branchPred.lookups                           0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.branchPred.condPredicted                     0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.branchPred.condIncorrect                     0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.branchPred.BTBLookups                        0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.branchPred.BTBHits                           0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.branchPred.BTBCorrect                        0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.branchPred.BTBHitPct                       nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.branchPred.usedRAS                           0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.branchPred.RASInCorrect                      0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.branchPred.indirectLookups                   0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.branchPred.indirectHits                      0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.branchPred.indirectMisses                    0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.branchPredindirectMispredicted               0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  224745                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            224745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             30780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 2681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                      98                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  8                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            2681                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                370                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             2311                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          291                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       77734                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       54269                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           472                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       99777                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           365                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    66                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           485041                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             141209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                        1002190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      224745                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                468                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        279812                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   61642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           603                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           63                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     99455                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  5069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             452811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              4.100470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.756249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                   189062     41.75%     41.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     6022      1.33%     43.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    11823      2.61%     45.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     2158      0.48%     46.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    15976      3.53%     49.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                     7452      1.65%     51.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    17027      3.76%     55.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                     9058      2.00%     57.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   194233     42.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               452811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.463353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.066196                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   102408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 99644                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    194180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 25758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                  30821                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1681453                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                  30821                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   126183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                   91816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    191171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                 10574                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1515720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    47                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   6923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             1706242                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               3577569                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          2113910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             51157                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                378163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  1328079                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            139                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                     27707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               116241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               93117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              2978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores             1729                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1137529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1535                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                    869363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             12639                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          808611                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1178887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1468                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        452811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.919925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.706244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              266117     58.77%     58.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               27462      6.06%     64.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               13427      2.97%     67.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               13839      3.06%     70.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               27446      6.06%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               26670      5.89%     82.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               38717      8.55%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               14970      3.31%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               24163      5.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          452811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    7284     89.25%     89.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     89.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     89.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   155      1.90%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     91.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    129      1.58%     92.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   246      3.01%     95.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 8      0.10%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              339      4.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             28667      3.30%      3.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                668725     76.92%     80.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    5      0.00%     80.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    30      0.00%     80.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               12381      1.42%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     81.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                92093     10.59%     92.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               49131      5.65%     97.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            2605      0.30%     98.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          15726      1.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                 869363                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.792350                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        8161                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.009387                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            2146639                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1897230                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       697043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               65698                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              50459                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        31288                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 816062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   32795                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             2661                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        87223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        60526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                  30821                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                   92351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   662                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1139064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              1346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                116241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                93117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     20                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   664                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             49                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        39397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                39446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                765403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 77484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            103960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       131673                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    66983                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      54189                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.578017                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                         740602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                        728331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    479757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                    726290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.501586                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.660558                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          809314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              67                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts             30810                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       330424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.000085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.979238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       231632     70.10%     70.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24499      7.41%     77.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        20222      6.12%     83.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        17180      5.20%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        16790      5.08%     93.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2262      0.68%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3088      0.93%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1037      0.31%     95.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13714      4.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       330424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               150583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                 330452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                          61609                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         29018                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      38596                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      24989                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    319390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 2115                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4404      1.33%      1.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           256601     77.65%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               5      0.00%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               28      0.01%     78.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           7805      2.36%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           27625      8.36%     89.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          17847      5.40%     95.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1393      0.42%     95.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        14744      4.46%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total            330452                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 13714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      1456476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     2405055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           32230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                      150583                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                        330452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.221087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.221087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.310454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.310454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                   951089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  580467                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     41584                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    12905                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    310343                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   234830                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  301828                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           248.972708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              106676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            359.178451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            151000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   248.972708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.243137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.243137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.286133                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            214729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           214729                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        74220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           74220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        32456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          32456                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        106676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           106676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       106676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          106676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     25564500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25564500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9919000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9919000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     35483500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     35483500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     35483500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     35483500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        74611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        74611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        32605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       107216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       107216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       107216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       107216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65382.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65382.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66570.469799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66570.469799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65710.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65710.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65710.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9678000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     21788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     21788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81275.167785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81275.167785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65391.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65391.891892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73360.269360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73360.269360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73360.269360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73360.269360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           371.910845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               98055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            106.930207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   371.910845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.726388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.726388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            199827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           199827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        98055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           98055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         98055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            98055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        98055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           98055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63211499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63211499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63211499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63211499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     63211499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63211499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        99455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        99455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        99455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        99455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        99455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45151.070714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45151.070714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45151.070714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45151.070714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 45151.070714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45151.070714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    51.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46803000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46803000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.009220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51039.258451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51039.258451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51039.258451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51039.258451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51039.258451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51039.258451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1723                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          513                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    242520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total         2339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total          598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        91008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total        91008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        19200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total        19200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  110208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.057330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1210     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       4      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3969000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            4762998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            1595250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
