
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    19397000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   19397000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                      3                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                        5                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                   9907                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1626520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1957.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5711                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         10312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data            9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data              144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 480                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst         1108625045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          475125019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1583750064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    1108625045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total       1108625045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst        1108625045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         475125019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1583750064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         481                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         54                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       481                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  30336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                    2048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   30784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 3456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      19373500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   481                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    256.571429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.664146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   267.075105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           43     38.39%     38.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           29     25.89%     64.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           15     13.39%     77.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511            6      5.36%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      5.36%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      2.68%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      2.68%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.79%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      4.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     220.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    205.669638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    112.429978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                      7740000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                16627500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    2370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16329.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35079.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1563.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       105.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1587.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    178.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    12.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.86                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      13.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      354                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                51.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      36212.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   299880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   140415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 1613640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 130500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1229280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy              2712060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                24000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy         6104130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy             480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               12254385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            631.767026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime             13366000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         1250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       5485250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     13383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   585480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 1763580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1229280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy              3260970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                73440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy         5335200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy          136320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               12705435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            655.020622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime             12061250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        94000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       353750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       6721750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     11707500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.branchPred.lookups                           0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.branchPred.condPredicted                     0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.branchPred.condIncorrect                     0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.branchPred.BTBLookups                        0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.branchPred.BTBHits                           0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.branchPred.BTBCorrect                        0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.branchPred.BTBHitPct                       nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.branchPred.usedRAS                           0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.branchPred.RASInCorrect                      0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.branchPred.indirectLookups                   0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.branchPred.indirectHits                      0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.branchPred.indirectMisses                    0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.branchPredindirectMispredicted               0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    6584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              6584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              1050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                   39                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       2                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups              39                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                  0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses               39                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            7                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        2802                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        1358                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            12                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                        2838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                            38795                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              11707                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          31488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        6584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches                  2                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         10591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    2236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           387                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          347                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      2770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   417                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              24330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.267160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.485686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    16546     68.01%     68.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      337      1.39%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      201      0.83%     70.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      216      0.89%     71.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      228      0.94%     72.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      197      0.81%     72.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      368      1.51%     74.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      228      0.94%     75.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     6009     24.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                24330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.169713                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.811651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    10896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  6140                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      5453                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1118                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  46280                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1118                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    11379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    3181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles            814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      5597                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  2241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  41793                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                      8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   2239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               46787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 97665                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            57516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 11801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    34986                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 30                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             28                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      1527                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 3993                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                2327                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                38                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                5                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      34298                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  33                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     26178                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           24018                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        33955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         24330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.075956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.093852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               17885     73.51%     73.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1166      4.79%     78.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 740      3.04%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 612      2.52%     83.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 910      3.74%     87.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                1054      4.33%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                1212      4.98%     96.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 494      2.03%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 257      1.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           24330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     483     88.79%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     88.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     44      8.09%     96.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    17      3.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                61      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 21331     81.48%     81.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   30      0.11%     81.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     7      0.03%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 3250     12.42%     94.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1495      5.71%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead               0      0.00%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite              4      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  26178                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.674778                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         544                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.020781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              77591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             58352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        23228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  8                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  26657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked             7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    2924                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               34331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  3993                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 2327                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 29                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      1                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                   135                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect              0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1502                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 24253                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  2779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         4136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     2258                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1357                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.625158                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          23741                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         23232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     15387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     23407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.598840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.657367                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           24342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              1107                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        20288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.416035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        16912     83.36%     83.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         1036      5.11%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          484      2.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          733      3.61%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          548      2.70%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          137      0.68%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          103      0.51%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           66      0.33%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          269      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        20288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  10312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           2025                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1084                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1306                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     10203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  112                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu             8273     80.23%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               6      0.06%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                7      0.07%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            1084     10.51%     90.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            941      9.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             10312                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        54673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       73463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             147                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           14465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         10312                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               6.793031                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         6.793031                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.147210                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.147210                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    28545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   18707                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         4                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                     10011                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                     6605                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   10091                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            84.534055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                3223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.538462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            145000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    84.534055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.082553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.082553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.139648                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              7079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             7079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         2356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            2356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          3223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         3223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9767500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9767500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5018500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5018500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     14786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     14786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         2527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         3468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.070646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57119.883041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57119.883041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67817.567568                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67817.567568                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60351.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60351.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4944500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4944500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.078640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68028.169014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68028.169014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66817.567568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66817.567568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67410.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67410.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67410.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67410.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                54                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           139.791315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                2276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              6.794030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   139.791315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.273030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.273030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.548828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses              5871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses             5871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         2276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            2276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          2276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             2276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         2276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            2276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28134500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28134500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         2768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         2768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         2768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57183.943089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57183.943089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57183.943089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57183.943089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 57183.943089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57183.943089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          543                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                54                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21855500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21855500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21855500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21855500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21855500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21855500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.121387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.121387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.121387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65046.130952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65046.130952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65046.130952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65046.130952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65046.130952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65046.130952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           535                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           55                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     19397000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               74                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            71                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total          725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::total        24896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         9152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::total         9152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   34048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.002079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.045596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     480     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       1      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1786498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             775750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
